Assignments

Jenkins
========

1) Jenkins Port Change - Done
2) How to change Jenkins Home Directory - Done
3) Remote Job in Jenkins - Done
4) Webhook through Git -  Done
5) How to install Jenkins in Tomcat - Done
6) Install old version of Jenkins and then upgrade it to a latest version - Done
7) How to take backup in Jenkins and Restore - Done
8) Jenkins Installation Script - Done


AWS
===

1) How to put https in Jenkins URL (Open Cert option) - Done


Linux
=====

1) Passwordless SSH automate using shell script - Done
2) If we put any number, the output should give 100 numbers after that using shell script. Script should ask the number and then when number is entered then it should 100 numbers following that number - Done
3) If we put any number, it should print the table of that number using shell script - Done
4) If I have a file with contents, the script should print the number of lines, words and characters in that file using shell script - Done
5) Every evening 5'o clock script should run automatically all the files that are placed in one folder (source) should be copied to another folder (destination). after 30 mins all the files and folder should be deleted from the destination folder - Done
6) How storage is mounted in Unix - Done
7) Soft link and Hard Link - Done
8) If we mount 15 GB, Will i see all storage or some storage and why - Done
9) Iptables - Done
10) Swap Memory - Done
11) Cron Job - Done


Docker
======

1) Difference between virtualization vs Containerization - Done
2) Difference between Docker attach and Exec - Done
3) Difference between Docker kill and Stop - Done
4) Docker commands - Done
5) Docker Swarm Commands - Done
6) Docker monitoring commands - Done
7) Docker log file location and home path location - Done
8) Image has been downloaded and where it referenced. - Done
10) Install jenkins in docker. - Create a container with jenkins installed inside it - Done
12) Install docker old version and upgrade to new version - Done
14) Docker se container banaya repository image se then wo ek container ban gya, fir container ka URL ban gya and then put you image on it - Done
15) Push an image on Docker Hub. (Need to pull image, then create a tag on it and then push it back to docker) - Done
16) Wo image jinke container nai hai, what are they called and command on how to find out those and how to delete those images - Done

11) Image se container banaya and then index file create ki container mei, need to run that container on different server. (Will convert container to a file and then run on other server) docker export is the hint - Done
9) Create Docker Swarm with 2 workers and shutdown the master and see if leader is relected or not - Done
17) Mere pass ek index file tmp mei hai and mai usko container mei daalna chahta hu.. th where will i put it and port and command to execute, your container created very good print hona chaiye jab container bane. Command cat should run inside container but should print outside it - Done
18) Docker swarm Installation and worker join installation script - Done
19) Docker install without internet - Done
13) Docker uninstall - Done

Ansible
=======

1) Things to Learn full document - Pending
2) Jenkins install through ansible - Pending
3) Docker install through ansible. - Pending
4) Tomcat through ansible - Pending
5) MySQL through ansible - Pending


Big Assignment - Done

1) Created a dockerfile.
2) Docker file is placed on git.
3) Create job in Jenkins, integrate the job with git
4) Any changes in the docker file, then Jenkins job will run
5) Image is downloaded
6) Image ki Image create hui and pushed in docker hub
7) docker hub se download hui server pe
8) Check whether container is created or not 
9) If container is created then delete the container and create a new one.
10) what we did for tomcat in Jenkins same we have to do for docker (Hint)



docker build -t my-nginx .